Fix: progam modem fw on 9131 and 9151 (#468)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-programmer: Changelog.md

-   The **Enable MCUboot** toggle reflects the MCUboot trait of the connected
    device.

> -   Programming modem firmware with external JLink is now possible on nrf9131
>     and nrf9151

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Programming modem firmware with an external J-Link is now possible on nRF9131 DK
    and nRF9151 DK.
```

Author: They do not have to be DK a custom kit with that SoC will use an external JLink and will have same issue

```suggestion
-   Programming modem firmware with an external J-Link is now possible on nrf9131
    and nrf9151
```

Author: @greg-fer  any commends on the above?

Reviewer: All good.
